Magic mental activity called decision.

Decisions, or the lack of them, are responsible for the breaking or making of many a
career. Individuals who have become very procient at making decisions, without
being inuenced by the opinions of others, are the same people whose annual
incomes fall into the six and seven gure category.

So, how is a person expected to develop this mental ability? Quite simply, you must
do it on your own. However, I think it’s important to understand that it’s not dicult
to learn how to make wise decisions. 

 No one can see
you making decisions but they will almost always see the results of your decisions.
The person who fails to develop their ability to make decisions is doomed because
indecision sets up internal conicts which can, without warning, escalate into all out
mental and emotional wars. Psychiatrists have a name to describe these internal
wars, it is ambivalence. My Oxford Dictionary tells me that ambivalence is the co-
existence in one person of opposite feelings toward the same objective

Indecision is a cause of ambivalence, however it is a secondary cause, it is
not the primary cause. Decision makers are not afraid of making an error. If and when
they make an error in their decision, or fail at something, they have the ability to
shrug it off. They learn from the experience but they will never submit to the failure.

That is the cardinal principle of decision-making. DECIDE RIGHT WHERE YOU ARE
WITH WHATEVER YOU’VE GOT. Thinking is very important. Decision makers are great thinkers.

Napoleon said, “Circumstances, I make them.” 

The next time you hear someone say they would like to vacation in Paris, or
purchase a particular automobile but they can’t because they have no money,
explain they don’t need the money until they make a decision to go to Paris or
purchase the car. When the decision is made, they will figure out a way to get the
amount needed. They always do.

Take the first step in predicting your own prosperous future. Build a mental picture
of exactly how you would like to live. Make a firm decision to hold on to that vision
and positive ways to improve everything will begin to flow into your mind.
Many people get a beautiful vision of how they would like to live but because they
cannot see how they are going to make it all happen, they let the vision go. If they
knew how they were going to get it or do it, they would have a plan not a vision.
There is no inspiration in a plan but there sure is in a vision. When you get the vision,
freeze frame it with a decision and don’t worry about how you will do it or where the
resources will come from. Charge your decision with enthusiasm ... that is important.
Refuse to worry about how it will happen.

Your life is important and, at its best, life is short. You have the potential to do
anything you choose, and to do it well. But, you must make decisions and when the
time for a decision arrives, you must make your decision where you are with what
you’ve got.

By making a simple decision, the greatest minds of the past are available to you.
You can literally learn how to turn your wildest dreams into reality.
Put this valuable information to use and recognize the greatness, which exists within
you. You have limitless resources of potential and ability waiting to be developed.
Start today - there’s never any time better than the present. Be all that you are
capable of being.